Ha ha ha
Haha.
You dare to joke with us?
I fooled you, I fooled you, I still have to choose a date.
Stupid and evil.
I used to be blind.
Will consider you as my genuine product.
Don't you covet my handsome and talented son?
New female temperament is a rare potential stock.
Hello.
You really dare to smear gold on your son's face.
Without my support
He's just someone who can't find a job.
Just chewing on old trash
Damn it, I'll beat you to death.
What are you doing?
Let me go, ma'am, how are you going to handle it?
Lock them up.
Hold back and you are
Hey, you let me go, I'll go.
Locking us here again.
What exactly do you want?
You know what?
Let us out!
Sunny knows she won't let you go.
Let us out.
Tinh Nhi, come quickly and save us!
Tinh Nhi. Tinh Nhi.
This shrew is so noisy.